(narrator)
Pre v/ous/y 0n
’Pretz‘y Little Liars. . ”
'Oh, my God.‘
(Toby)
They call it
a medically induced coma.
She hasn't woken up
since the surgery.
If somebody said
that you could try anything
what would you do?
- Start my own brand.
- Deal.
[beeping]
- Toby, how is Yvonne?
- Not good.
Nicole's parents called me,
and they want me back up there.
Mn?)
Why, is something wrong?
I'm doing a fundraiser
for my dad
and I'd loye to wear
something new.
This what gave
her palpitations.
It's not mine. I designed this
when I was working for Claudia.
[beeping]
”Dearest; it wasn ’t supposed
to be this way.
”I did what] did
because people hire my sister
and the Hastings deserve
to be punished ”
(Furey)
The bullet that hit you
did not match
the gun
that Jenna was ho/d/ng.
I cannot charge her
with anything.
(Aria)
'What did you have to do
to get this piece?‘
Jenna reduced her
to blackmailing a tenth grader.
- 'This can't be just Jenna.‘
- Jenna had help.
What about that Sydney
what's-her-face?
- He wants us to play.
- /Vo, Em.
It wants to play with us.
[baby crying]
[beeps]
[whirring]
[baby crying]
(Aria)
I don't hear anything.
Why don't you just go
in the house?
I can't. My mom and I..
Look, I know
that this is just A.D.
pressing on a raw nerve,
right?
They're just taking the fact
that I'm some
sort of Dickensian foundling
but one of you needs
to take this.
Or stick your fingers in my ears
so that I can get
some freakin' sleep
_ 'cause I've tried
literally everything.
Oh, my God, that is so annoying.
Why can't we just
lock it up in Ali's house?
I mean, she's out of town
this weekend, right?
That's a spectacular idea.
Actually, kind of unspectacular.
I mean, a crying baby is
the last thing
Ali needs to hear
when she comes back.
She's got a lot on her mind.
Why'd she go away again?
A-Ali has something
to deal with.
'You know, paperwork.‘
I guess there's lot of red tape
when you're trying
to un—marry
a dead identity thief.
Okay, officially,
he's still alive.
Well, did she officially change
her last name yet? She should.
Alison Rollins sounds
like a mouthful of muffin.
Ezra's still in New York, right?
I-I'm not babysitting
this pillow by myself.
Okay, well, our place is loud
enough already, Caleb snores.
- No, he doesn't.
- Yes, he does.
Oh, my God, someone please.
A-are we still allowed
to think that maybe
Mary Drake
is responsible for this?
I mean, I know she's your birth
mother, and it's a sensitive--
I don't think that this is her.
Why would she want
to taunt me with this?
Well, we could ask her
if she wasn't hiding out
somewhere like a lying liar.
[crying stops]
Wait. Why did it stop?
I don't know, and I don't care.
Guys, I have to keep the phone.
[baby chuckling]
It's my turn.
Got a secret
can you keep It?
Swear this one you'll save
Better lock it
in your pocket
Taking this one
to the grave
If I show you then I know
You won't tell what I said
'Cause two can keep a secret
If one of them is dead
You didn't sleep either?
No, I've been waiting
for that phone
to start screeching again.
Well, did you hide it?
If Caleb finds it..
No, I put it in my purse.
He's not gonna find it.
What, guys aren't gonna go
through a girl's purse
because they're too afraid
to accidently touch a tampon.
[exhales forcefully]
Okay, well, how long are we
gonna keep this game a secret?
I mean, A.D. practically dragged
Paige into the middle of it..
Uh, so, Mona wasn't kidding
when she said
she'll get you
in the "Style" section.
You're on page one.
(Emily)
'Is this
the senator's daughter?‘
"Katherine Daly stuns
fundraising crowd
"in a fashion—forward silhouette
from local designer,
Hanna Marin."
Let me see.
Hanna, this IS great.
I'm gonna check
the blogs and see
if anybody picked this up.
Free press is everything
right now.
I got one for your mom
for your dad, for Grandma Marin.
Oh, save one for tonight.
You're having drinks
with Lucas and the investors.
- Right?
- Why wait to celebrate?
There's a bottle of bubbly
in the fridge.
Ooh, I'll get glasses.
Babe, I'm so proud of you.
Well, you have to be
proud of Mona too.
She really came through
on this one.
Well, when I see her,
I will shake her hand
but right now, you get a kiss.
Hanna, what's "Runway Rebel?"
Oh, it's this blogger,
Zoe Costello.
'She's into insider
fashion news and gossip.‘
She's making a name for herself.
Did she mention Hanna?
Uh, yeah. I think so.
Well, let's hear it.
Uh, let me find another one.
Well, what's it say?
Umm, "Stolen design
on senator's daughter."
- Hey.
- Oh, hey.
Sorry, I've been meaning
to come by.
It's okay.
When you get a chance..
Yvonne's out of the coma.
She's still got a ways
to go, but..
- That's really good news.
- It is.
Actually, I was just reading
about certain drug therapies
that have proven successful
in cases like hers.
Uh, antidepressants
uh, stimulants,
dopamine agonist.
Yeah, I know, the-the
specialists have mentioned
a few of those things, but, hey,
I-I don't mean to cut this short
but I do need to get back
to the hospital.
Sure. Absolutely.
But it's good to see you.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Detective.
Toby, it's really good
to see you up on your feet.
You know,
we're all pulling for her.
Thanks. Um, if you'll excuse me.
Do you go for the fancy stuff?
No, I prefer full-strength.
Thought so.
Excuse me, two coffees, black.
So, uh..
I hadn't heard back from you.
Uh, my buddy in Jersey,
he's really good
at finding people
who don't wanna be found.
- Did you get my message?
- I did.
Um...but
I just think
maybe not right now.
1-1 have to focus on people
in my life who are...missing.
Would that include me?
What are you doing today?
I was just gonna send out
some resumes.
Come with me.
- Where?
- Come with me and find out.
It's the weekend,
I actually have the day off.
And a little activity
might be good for your shoulder.
And it might help you
get your mind off
of everything that's been
twistin' you up lately.
That does sound really nice.
You'd actually be
doing me a favor.
And get that frown
off your face.
Might make me feel better
about not finding
the person who shot you.
Actually, could we get those
two coffees to go, please?
Thanks.
Can you conﬁrm that
with the front desk? Uh-huh.
No names were mentioned,
but the scoop came
from an anonymous source.
You can't spell anonymous
without A.D.
Well, technically,
there's no 'D' in anonymous
but, whatever.
I get your point.
Are you sure that it's legit?
The post has been re-blogged
at least 500 times
in the last half hour.
I mean, what if Claudia Greco
actually reads it.
The story makes it sounds
like I stole from her.
Hanna, are you sure
that this isn't
just some blogger trying
to drum up hits with gossip?
"Blind item, blind girl."
The post probably came
from Jenna.
First, her and bodyguards
try to ruin my face
at the cobbler shop
and now they're trying
to ruin my career.
So Jenna checked out
of the Radley late last night.
- We have to find her.
- We will, Hanna.
And I thinkI know
how we do that.
Sydney.. What's her name?
- Uh, Driscoll, I think.
- Whatever.
Sydney helped Jenna get past us
and got her to the blind school.
She can lead us to Jenna.
And before Jenna
makes me roll the dice
and gamble away my future.
Wait, what? What dice?
Figure of speech.
What's the plan?
Well, my guess is
they're in communication.
So we use Sydney
to track down Jenna.
And how do we do that?
Just say "Pretty, please
tell us where Jenna went?"
Well, if I run you through
some Bluesnarf basics
we can get what we need
through Sydney's cellphone.
Um, let's start
with the simple stuff.
'Pen with a listening device.‘
'Oh, and now this thing is..'
I know it sounds obvious,
but love and..
imagining seeing Ezra again.
'Being able to focus on him
'really got me tethered
to something real..'
Aria?
(Nicole)
'Just knowing that out there
in the world..'
Hey, if you
wanna watch that, we can..
No.
No, I don't.
Just another reminder
that there's nothing I can do
until Ezra's done helping her.
Obviously, she still needs him.
Uh, guys, please
don't give me the sad eyes.
You two found your way
back to each other.
Ezra and I will too.
[monitor beeping]
[instrumental music]
Has she said anything?
Sometimes she smiles at me
when she sees me
but she hasn't spoken yet.
After the accident I had
when _I was still
in the police academy
I remember waking up
in a hospital.
Not knowing where I was
at first..
...or if anybody even knew
how to find me.
I know she feels like that,
but she can't tell me.
(Yvonne)
'Toby.‘
Hey.
I'm here.
Would you mind getting
the nurse?
Sure.
I just wanna grab a couple more
GPS trackers, we'll head out.
Alright, well, hurry
because Aria
already has a lead on Sydney.
[sighs]
[phone beeps]
[instrumental music blares]
[drumroll]
(Caleb)
'Hanna, have you seen
my other gear bag?‘
'The, uh, green backpack.‘
[banging]
Hanna?
Who is banging on the door?
What is it?
It's you.
[dramatic music]
You mean, you guys have been
sitting on this--
The game showed up
a couple of days
after the blind school.
We've been hiding it
at Spencer's.
I'm sorry.
We should have told you sooner.
And there's a phone?
Henna, phones have cameras.
They can watch, they can listen.
I know, okay.
So far, it only tells us
whose turn it is.
What? like "Simon Says?"
Yeah. Kind of...but meaner.
You really thought that was me?
Well, I got a little aggro
when we found out it was a doll.
That's why its face
is all messed up.
It talks too.
- I don't wanna hear it.
- We have to.
If this is part of A.D.'s game
it probably
has something to say.
[automated message]
'For more information,
please see the appendix.‘
"Please see the appendix."
W-what does that mean?
There's no instruction manual
or rule book.
Well, if it was on the phone,
we haven't been able to find it.
Maybe I should take a look
at the game board.
Well, there's these
little pieces that look
like the five of us.
If you're not on the board
I don't think
you're invited to play.
I'm not trying to get in on it
I'm trying to get inside of it.
If I can figure out how it works
maybe I can find out
who made it.
Can you just turn it around?
I don't wanna look
at It anymore.
(Spencer)
'Thanks.‘
[indistinct chattering]
This is where we're going?
I thought we might engage
in some recreation, yes.
How do you feel..
...about ping-pong?
Oh, that's the plan.
We're gonna volunteer
for a few hours
work with some kids
take my mind off of my troubles.
'Are you always this cynical
when someone tries'
to do something nice for you?
I'm sorry.
Um, let me try this again.
Ping-pong.
I feel great about ping-pong.
- Much better.
- Good.
But why here?
Called ahead,
had a buddy reserve the room.
Got the place to ourselves.
Did you move senior Zumba
for me?
That is so thoughtful.
[chuckles]
[beeping]
Can you pick it up?
What if I can't?
This is just a simple test.
Just to see where you're at.
We won't know until you try.
Good.
Okay now,
put it in your left hand
give it a good squeeze.
Okay. One more.
This one's for me, though..
...not the doctors.
I-I've been waiting for days.
I don't wanna wait anymore.
I think we should do it.
Today. Right now.
What do you say?
I say..
...I do.
(Lucas)
'Apparently, one of the
daughters of the investors'
'follows "Runway Rebel."'
They know that Claudia Greco
was on your resume
and it wasn't hard
to make the leap.
So now, it's not just casual
drink. It's the inquisition.
Look, I don't want you
getting nervous, okay?
They just need some reassurance.
'I'll walk them through
the numbers and then'
you just dazzle them
with your designs.
Okay, you know what?
Say this doesn't go well.
What if Claudia Greco
actually has the grounds
to sue me for taking
some of her ideas?
- Wait, does she?
- 'No.‘
I'm just saying, hypothetically.
Well, then the investors
would probably pull out.
Look, they wanna invest
in clothes, not court fees.
And that's the worst?
Hanna, I don't want you
worrying about--
Lucas, I have to know
what the stakes are.
My company can absorb
the loss, Hanna.
'There's a thousand ways
that I could write this off.‘
And besides, I would not
have invested in you
_ unless _I believed
In a posrtlve outcome.
Hey. Y-you know what might help?
Visual aids.
Sketches.
Maybe a few finished pieces.
- Do you mind if I take a look?
- No.
No. That's just
a half naked dress form.
This piece is not finished yet.
Come on, just a peek
for your silent partner.
Lucas, no. Not yet.
Just give me the afternoon
to put something together.
Okay. Fine.
I'll see you tonight.
Lobby at the Radley
at 7:00, okay?
On the dot.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[beeping]
Sydney graduated from Berkeley.
Double major in economics
and French.
She studied abroad
her junior year.
That's some pretty spendy
real estate.
She's a bank teller?
Well, private client banking.
Her department services people
with a lot of money.
Like a lot, a lot.
She checked into a charity gala
for the Manhattan Children's
Hospital two days ago.
Didn't the Congressman's
daughter
wear Hanna's dress to that?
Senator's daughter.
There, look. In the corner.
Looks like we just found
the "Runway Rebel's"
anonymous source.
Well, if Sydney weaseled her way
into a charity ball
in New York
what else has she done
for Jenna?
The police said
it was a different gun
that shot Spencer, right?
Maybe the confession
Jenna gave to the police
was to protect
the other shooter.
Sydney.
'And I bet her aim was
a hell of a lot better'
than Jenna's.
We should be careful.
No, we're not gonna confront her
just gonna get some answers.
I've looked in the appendix
of every book
in this loft, nothing.
(Caleb)
'Well, what did you
expect to find?'
Something, a note,
a clue, a pipe bomb.
'How's it going on your end?‘
So you guys never used
an on or off switch?
Never had to plug this thing in?
(Hanna)
'If it was that simple,
we would've cut the cord.‘
This game just does things.
Do you think
there's batteries inside?
'Maybe.‘
'I mean, there's like
12 different types of batteries'
'that could power
something like this.‘
I could trace
where they were bought
maybe get an ID
on A.D. that way.
'But I-I can't even figure out
how to get inside this thing.‘
'I even tried sticking
little tweezers'
'in that slot in the side,
but it won't open.‘
- Did you say tweezers?
- Yeah.
(Hanna)
'Okay, do you remember
that game'
'where the guy had
the big, red light-up nose?‘
Um, "Operation?"
I figured out which appendix
we're talking about.
A.D. wants me to cut
this thing open.
[dramatic music]
(Furey)
'Ten all, your service.‘
Alright, you're good.
Are you holding back?
- Maybe a little.
- Don't.
You sure?
[chuckles]
Eleven-ten. One more and I win.
Where did you learn how to play?
Horseback riding camp.
We couldn't run the jumping
course when it rained so..
I was ping-pong champ
for five consecutive summers.
At an all girls camp.
Uh, yeah,
same one my mom went to.
My adopted mom.
Well, you know,
I actually learned
how to play on this table.
Right here.
Oh, home court advantage.
Well, the neighborhood was
a little rougher then.
- We ponged hard.
-Hmm.
- You scared?
- Got a few tricks up my sleeve.
Game point.
Ho-ho, that's game.
That's impressive.
Thank you.
Seriously, I needed this.
I needed to win..
...on an existential level.
Oh, come on.
I'm the real winner here.
Ping-pong..
Beats the hell out of spending
the weekend at my desk.
I keep poring over
the forensic files
from blind school.
I still just can't figure out
how we could miss
the second firearm.
The brass is all bent
out of shape
because the Rollins' case
IS still open.
I'm sorry.
No, you needed a win,
I needed a break.
End of work discussion.
What do you think?
Best four out of seven?
Give you a chance
to make a comeback.
- What?
- Your shoulder.
I gonna see if I can find
a first-aid kit.
[instrumental music]
[phone buzzing]
[sighs]
Spencer's not picking up
for me, either.
There's a good chance
Sydney's using her office Wi-Fi.
If the connection's open
I can hack her phone.
You'll need this.
And I just carry this
in my purse, whatever this is?
A femtocell with some mods
that Caleb added.
You will need to stay close
and keep her talking long enough
so I can dig around.
And I will throughput
all of her data to this device.
Calendars, contacts,
voicemails, emails, texts--
How do you know all this?
Caleb taught me, this morning.
You, using jargon
the same girl
who accidently had her phone
on airplane mode
for half of the ninth grade.
I catch on fast.
We need to find Jenna.
Yeah, and find out
whether or not
she's buying Sydney's bullets.
[sighs]
Here goes nothing.
Good luck.
[car door closes]
- 'It's short.‘
- I know.
No, like really short, like
"everyone's gonna see her
spicy tuna-roll" short--
Okay, that's not even
the worst part.
The investors are from Japan.
They're gonna be
completely offended.
I mean, t-this is the game.
I blow that meeting, and then
A.D. makes the story go away.
Meanwhile, the dress
pisses off the investors
you lose the business,
and Lucas loses a lot of money.
Yeah, and it'll all be
my fault.
[sighs]
Yesterday, I was so excited
for this meeting.
I was gonna breeze in there
and be the boss.
I was gonna be impressive
and creative and confident.
People don't always
see me that way.
What happens
if you just say screw it
and you refuse to play?
You flip the board over
and you storm out?
A.D. knows about Rollins,
and you could go to jail.
Can you just
stop this thing..
...before tonight?
I can try.
[indistinct chatter]
Sydney?
What's it been,
like, five years?
Are we really
gonna do this whole
"What a coincidence" thing?
Who sent you, Caleb or Mona?
Doesn't matter.
I'm here about Jenna.
Can we talk?
Honestly, I'm glad it's you
that's poking around.
After everything
that went down
I thought I'd be hearing
from the cops.
Because someone got shot?
I was nowhere near there.
I was at the Radley Hotel.
All I did was deliver
a couple of drinks
to Caleb and Mona
With a message.
Why?
Jenny sold it
as a practical joke.
I was up in Rosewood
having brunch
with my parents anyway
and it seemed harmless enough.
Yeah, until Noel Kahn
ended up dead
and Spencer ended up
in the hospital.
And here we are.
After high school,
Jenna and I drifted apart
and I wish
I would have left it that way.
Trust me, that's the last favor
I'll ever do for her.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
I know there's
a lot of bad blood
between you and your friends
and Jenna.
I answered a phone call
from an old friend
and got sucked into a lot
of high school drama.
What's your excuse?
Um, well, I have a conference
that goes all afternoon, so..
Sydney's got an appointment
in her calendar for later today.
"Vogel Vision Institute."
Then she lied to me.
I mean, is she taking Jenna
to the eye doctor?
Another favor?
I say we get there first
and find out.
[device beeping]
[device whirring]
- Is it working?
- Yeah.
(Sydney)
'I'm just dropping off
the deposit'
'for a surgical procedure.‘
- 'Patient name?‘
- 'Marshal. Jenna Marshal.‘
(female #2)
'While you're here,
would you like'
'to schedule your procedure?‘
'I'm not Jenna. Like I said'
- 'I'm just here to drop off..'
- Jenna's not in there.
(female #2)
'I'll run this back to billing
and get you a receipt.‘
(Sydney)
'No need. Have a nice day.‘
Someone's buying Jenna
a new pair of eyes?
(female #2)
'Whom should I say
made the deposit?‘
(Sydney)
'Just write down
the initials, A.D.'
- 'A.D.?' .
- 'For anonymous donor.
'Should be easy enough
to remember, right?‘
AD. is paying Jenna off.
She got us all
at the blind school
and now in return she gets
her eyesight back...again.
Is Sydney AD.
or is she just another pawn?
Do you think that Jenna
orchestrated the whole thing
so that AD. could take
a shot at Spencer?
Wait, Sydney's phone is
in range.
- I'm picking up a text.
- What's it say? Who's it from?
(Aria)
"Did you do it?"
It's from a blocked number.
There she is.
"It's done."
Your hands are a lot bigger
than when you were a kid.
They're lot less purple too.
I can see why she wants
to leave it up.
It's been there for years.
They left it that way
after Gloriana passed.
I'm sorry.
Was she special to you?
Well, she ran this place
for decades.
She was special.
To everyone who walked
through that door.
Including a shy kid
with glasses.
Hmm. I can't really
picture you as shy.
And chubby. Just a little bit.
[chuckles]
Wha..
She always had a smile
and a hug for me
after our day at school.
Not a lot of hugs at home.
My mother had some problems.
Prescription pills.
They can be really hard.
Is your mother..
- Oh, she's clean now.
- Great.
We talk once a month
on the phone.
It works for the both of us.
Here you go. All done.
Thank you.
Let's get you home.
Put some ice on that shoulder.
Oh, man, do we
have to go back right now?
We can stay as long
as you want.
So beautiful.
[chuckles]
I've been so caught up
in my own soap opera lately
I forgot that I'm not
the first person
to have a complicated story
about a birth mother
and a surrogate mother.
[chuckles]
You don't have
to drIve yourself crazy
choosing between the two.
All you have to do is..
...love the people
that want the best for you.
[instrumental music]
Hey, Sydney, got a minute?
- Did you follow me?
- I had to, you lied to me.
Here's what's gonna happen.
We're gonna take
a nice little drive
to go visit your friend Jenna.
And on the way there,
you're gonna tell us
about how the two of you know
someone with the initials A.D.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
Well, if you walk away,
we'll just keep showing up.
Yoga at Ludlow Street, drinks
with your friends at 9 PM.
You wouldn't want that now,
would you?
This is insane. How do you
even know my schedule?
I'm done talking now.
So let's go. Move it.
[screams]
Let go of me.
Let her go.
Tell us what you know about A.D.
and we'll get out of your hair.
Tell your Chihuahua
to keep her paws
to herself
and maybe I'll talk.
Do I have to twist
your arm again?
Answer the freakin' question!
I don't know anyone
with those initials, okay?
I represent an account holder
who prefers to remain anonymous.
I'm just doing my job
for a client of the bank.
Yeah, well,
where did Jenna run off to?
Is she meeting up
with that mysterious
but generous client?
If you can't find Jenna,
its'cause
she doesn't want to be found.
She hasn't even been answering
my calls or texts.
You sure you don't know
where she is?
I already told you
I wanna cut ties.
And if you're smart, you guys
will stay away from her too.
Whatever she's up to,
her games have gotten
a little dangerous
for my taste.
See, that wasn't so hard,
was it?
Oh, here, don't forget
your yoga pants.
Namaste,
b itc h .
[sighs]
- Did you do it?
- Yup, GPS tracker's in her bag.
'She might not have told us
where Jenna is'
but now she can show us.
I'll call Hanna.
(Hanna)
'Hey, did you find Jenna yet?‘
Part of the way there.
How are you?
Well, A.D. upped the ante.
I'm gonna walk into that room
and flush my entire future
down the toilet.
'But, hey, at least
I get a prize for playing.‘
- Hanna--
- 'I've gotta go.‘
I'll text you when
A.D. delivers my puzzle piece.
[gadget beeping]
[door slams]
- Caleb!
- Hey.
I'm so sorry. I thought
I would be in and out by now.
Wait, Hanna told you?
Yeah, but she didn't really
have a choice.
I mean, A.D. brought the fight
to our front door.
Literally.
[clicking and beeping]
Wait, do you hear that?
It's like a hum
and then a bunch of clicks.
Yeah, trust me that thing makes
all kinds of noise.
I know, I just,
I can't even tell
if it's mechanical
or electrical.
I can't break through
a firewall and hack into it.
I can't even pop the top off
of this thing.
[inhales deeply]
Wait, I'm gonna try something.
Maybe the screws
are underneath the buildings.
You know,
if this is weird, H can
take this with me
or I can come back--
No! It's fine.
I mean, I,
I want this to be fine.
So do I.
And I think it can be.
Do you wanna talk about it?
Or have a drink?
Yeah. Um,
I'll take a beer if you got.
That sounds really good.
I'm gonna have one with you.
That was actually
really easy.
Yeah. It was, wasn't it?
So, there's..
...this guy..
...I kinda just spent
the whole day with him.
- Is it that cop? Furey?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I thought
I picked up on some vibes.
- Can I ask--
- No, I have no idea.
I mean, it's,
the timing just sucks.
Rollins' case is still open,
he's a detective.
Believe me,
anything you're gonna ask
I've already thought of it
a million times.
I was just gonna ask
if he's good to you.
'Cause you deserve that.
Hey, are you okay?
Oh, yeah. No, I'm fine.
How long are you gonna be
working here?
'Cause I was just gonna
order some food
'and maybe we call
and ask Hanna'
'if she wants to join?'
- Uh, sure.
- There's this new Thai place.
So what do you think, like,
curry, noodles..
[Caleb groaning]
Caleb?
Caleb!
Caleb! What's going on?
What happened?
[dramatic music]
- '911. What is your emergency?‘
- Hi!
Um, m—m-my, my friend
is having trouble breathing.
Please, this is an emergency!
[indistinct chatter]
Here.
Let me help you with that..
- You ready?
- Yeah.
I just..
[elevator dings]
[sighs]
This is amazing, Lucas.
I never realized
how much I wanted this
until you gave me everything
I needed to make it happen.
Oh, that's not true. You are
the one with the talent.
Hold one, one sec,
I'm not finished.
I just wanna say this before..
Before what?
Thank you.
You are _
the most generous friend..
...and, you know,
whatever happens up there..
...just promise me
that we'll always be friends.
[elevator dings]
Of course.
Now, let's go wow
those investors
and make
a gajillion dollars, okay?
[cellphone beeps]
Hanna? Look,
if you have the jitters--
No, it's not that.
Caleb's in the hospital.
[dramatic music]
Give me the sketch book. Go!
- Are you sure?
- I will figure something out.
- Go.
- Okay.
Mmm.
Aren't butterscotch krimpets
the best?
I don't know why we ever
bothered to go cake tasting.
I don't know,
should we split the last one?
Uh, no, no, no.
Let's, let's save that.
For our first anniversary.
It's tradition, right?
[inhales deeply]
You know, we never decided
on where we were gonna go
for our honeymoon.
I thought our honeymoon
was gonna be spent
moving into our finished house.
Things are different now.
Where would you wanna go?
Once we get up
and out of here.
Mmm.
I'd rather have
city than beach.
Prague, maybe.
Or Antwerp.
Oh, but you like
the outdoors, so..
How about a week in Buenos Aires
and then a week in Patagonia?
It's the best of both worlds.
Mmm, you know somewhere
I've always wanted to go?
”Mmm?
- Moscow.
In the winter..
...there's a huge ice rink
in Red Square.
It's all lit up at night.
Well, that's where
we'll spend
our first Christmas.
And then after that,
we can go anywhere.
Iceland..
...Tasmania
we could just keep going..
...and going.
Are you happy?
Happiest.
[instrumental music]
[monitor beeping]
Your eyes are all red.
Can you see? Are you okay?
Do you remember that time
when we first met and you, uh
shot a bunch of extra hold
hairspray in my face?
Yeah, this is worse than that.
I couldn't talk,
I couldn't breathe
I, I couldn't even think.
Well, do they know what it was?
Some sort of gas or something?
Well, I mean,
I couldn't exactly tell them
that I was poisoned by some
toxic version of Candy Land.
So I told them
I was cleaning my bath tub
and I accidentally mixed
my bleach and my ammonia
and I knocked myself out.
No lab tests,
no questions, you know.
[sighs]
Hey, how did it go
with the investors?
Oh, I didn't make the meeting
but Lucas is there
covering for me.
It doesn't matter anyways.
Well, if you're not there,
isn't it
kinda like skipping your turn?
Stupid game doesn't matter.
I just wanted to make sure
that you were okay.
[cellphone beeps]
I'll be right back.
[indistinct chatter]
She had to tell him
about the game, guys.
She didn't have a choice.
Was gassing Caleb
her punishment
for tryin' to stop A.D.?
Hey!
I didn't finish my turn,
so I was sent this.
So what happens
to your puzzle pieces?
Does it just go
to some stranger?
- That, that doesn't make sense.
- No.
It's not like winning your turn
makes you a winner.
Then I guess it depends
on whose turn it is.
W—what is that supposed to mean?
All you had to do
was visit a friend.
No false accusations
no skipping out on the most
important meeting of your life.
(Aria)
'Well, maybe that's the point.‘
An unfair game.
It keeps us off balance.
And it gives us somethin'
to bicker about
so that we're not focused
on finding out who A.D. IS.
Look, it's been a long,
rough day for all of us.
So I'm gonna go visit Toby
and Yvonne on the way out.
Look, you guys
don't have to stay.
They're gonna keep him on oxygen
a little while longer
and then release him
In an hour or two.
[device beeping]
Sydney's on the move.
I'll take ﬁrst watch
and follow her tonight.
Come on, I'll drop you off.
[dramatic music]
Oh, my God.
[sobbing]
Can you call me back, please?
Sabrina just quit..
Um, guess she tried to get
a hold of you..
Anyways, she got
this apprenticeship
with some hot,
new baker in Atlanta
and she has
to be there tomorrow
but she referred
some replacements
so do I call them?
I mean, how do you even
interview a baker?
Ezra, I've never run
a business before and..
I really wanna help you,
I just, I don't..
I don't know what,
exactly what to do.
Things are just kind of
unraveling without you here
and I just, I really wish that..
[dramatic music]
Stay back!
I said stay back!
Nicole?
[breathing heavily]
Oh!
Oh, that's not good.
[dramatic music]
Have someone call Forensics.
Give me an evidence bag.
[theme music]